Update functions-host-json.md (#64016)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-host-json.md

}
```

## watchFiles

> A set of files that should be monitored for changes.  Ensures that when code in these files is changed, the changes are picked up by your functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array or one or more names of files that are monitored for changes that require your app to restart.  This guarantees that when code in these files are changed, the updates are picked up by your functions.
```
